Ques-1: What is Emmet?

Ans: Emmet is a plug in for many popular text editors which greatly improves HTML & CSS workflow. We can use short expressions to generate HTML markup, CSS. 


Ques-2 : Difference between Framework and Library ?

Ans: 1. Frameworks and libraries are both code written by someone else that helps you perform some common tasks in a less verbose way.
2. A framework inverts the control of the program. It tells the developer what they need. A library doesn’t. The programmer calls the library where and when they need it.
3. The degree of freedom a library or framework gives the developer will dictate how “opinionated” it is.



Ques-3 : What is CDN ? Why do we use it?

Ans: A CDN (content delivery network), also called a content distribution network, is a group of geographically distributed and interconnected servers. They provide cached internet content from a network location closest to a user to speed up its delivery.
The primary goal of a CDN is to improve web performance by reducing the time needed to send content and rich media to users.


Use of CDN: The main use of a CDN is to deliver content through a network of servers in a secure and efficient way. These networks improve the content security, performance and availability. Other CDN use cases include collecting user analytics and tracking data on network traffic. CDNs serve a range of content, including websites, mobile applications, streaming media and downloadable objects.

Ques -4: Why React known as React?

Ans: React is called React because it is a library that reacts to changes in data and updates the user interface accordingly. The name "React" reflects its purpose of reacting to changes in data and rendering the appropriate changes in the user interface.


Ques -5: What is cross-origin attribute in script tag?

Ans: The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request. A cross-origin request is a request for a resource (e.g. style sheets, iframes, images, fonts, or scripts) from another domain.

Ques - 6: Difference between react and reactDOM ?

Ans: The react package holds the react source for components, state, props and all the code that is react.

The react-dom package as the name implies is the glue between React and the DOM. Often, you will only use it for one single thing: mounting your application to the index.html file with ReactDOM.render().


Ques - 7 : What is difference between react. development. js and react. production. js files via CDN?

Ans:The development version includes extra warnings about common mistakes, whereas the production version includes extra performance optimizations and strips all error messages.


Ques - 8 : Async vs defer ?

Ans : The async and defer attributes both allow the browser to continue parsing the HTML document while JavaScript files are being downloaded, but they differ in when those files are executed.

Async downloads and executes JavaScript as soon as it’s available, while defer attribute waits until the HTML document has been parsed before downloading and executing any external scripts.